As I watched the ice guy,
I thought, "I can't beat him!"
Damn it!
Hey, you too, Deku!
I'm just…
I'm just getting started!
You hear?
Here, I will become number one!
Midoriya.
I'm going to beat you.
I pledge…
That I'll be number one.
Bastard, don't declare war
to the wrong person!
-Not yet!
-What?
We're gonna get
an indisputable first place!
Die!
Stun Grenade!
Bakugo wins!
With this, the final match will be
between Todoroki and Bakugo!
PLAYER WAITING ROOM 2
Shoto's…
That child's left side
sometimes looks very unsightly to me.
Come at me with your full power!
It's your power, isn't it?
I wonder when it started.
Until I fought with Midoriya,
I didn't even think
about thinking about it.
Mom, I…
Huh?
Hey, why are you here?
It's waiting room…
Oh, this is room two? Damn it!
IRRITATED
I may have gotten the room wrong,
but what's with that attitude
against your opponent in the final?
Hey, hey, hey…
Where are you looking,
Half-and-Half Bastard?
That's…
Huh?
What Midoriya said to me, too.
That guy
acted recklessly and came to destroy
all the problems I'd been carrying.
You guys are childhood friends, right?
Was Midoriya like that
when you were young, too?
You looked like you were asking for help…
Are you all right? Can you stand?
That damn nerd…
Who cares about him?
Seriously,
who the hell cares?
Your family circumstances,
and your feelings…
I don't care about that stuff!
Just use the flames
on your left on me, too!
I will hold them down from above.
I'll crush that half-and-half
bastard indisputably,
and then I'll be at the top!
TODOROKI VS. BAKUGO
It's finally the last battle
of the U.A. High School sports festival!
The top of the first years will be decided
with this one match!
FINAL
SHOTO TODOROKI VS KATSUKI BAKUGO
The final, so to speak!
From the hero course, Shoto Todoroki!
Versus…
Also from the hero course, Katsuki Bakugo!
Now… Start!
Damn it!
Todoroki gets a blow in right away!
Is he trying
to avoid close combat with Bakugo?
Has the winner been decided already?
It's not on the same scale
as in his match with Sero.
He aimed his attack
while being careful of what'll come next.
What's that sound?
It's Bakugo's doing.
Did he dig his way out through the ice
like a mole with his explosions?
That's so weird!
The stronger the Quirk…
The more imprecise the attacks!
He avoided his right side
and grabbed him?
Wow!
Are you underestimating me?
Idiot!
He avoids going out
of bounds with a wall of ice!
Looks like fun!
Use your left!
Use it, Shoto!
Stop screwing around.
Am I not strong enough to make you use it?
With the way he grabbed
Todoroki's left side on purpose
and timed his explosions…
He's been doing his research.
That kid's abilities shine
every time he fights.
I see.
Todoroki's moving well, too,
but his attacks are too simple.
Ever since the match
with Midoriya, he's lost his touch.
Bastard…
I'll show you what'll happen
if you make a fool of me!
I'll kill you!
I want an indisputable first place!
I can't get that even if I beat scum
that underestimates me!
There's no point if I can't
get higher up than Deku.
If you have no intention of winning,
then don't stand in front of me!
Why are you standing here, damn it!
I want… to be a hero, too!
Sorry, Bakugo.
Ever since I fought Midoriya,
I became unsure of what I should do.
Of whether or not I was correct…
Todoroki!
Don't lose! Do your best!
Midoriya!
That damn nerd!
That's it!
If you're gonna stand in front of me,
then you should just concentrate
on winning!
Howitzer…
Impact!
He added momentum
and rotation to the huge blast
he showed us in his fight with Uraraka!
He was like a human projectile!
It looks like Todoroki
didn't fire off the huge blast
he used in his match with Midoriya,
but the winner is…
Huh?
You put out your flames!
Hey…
Hey!
Stop screwing around!
Didn't I tell you
that there was no point, damn it?
To get first place like this! Like this?
Like…
Todoroki is out of bounds!
Which means, Bakugo wins!
KATSUKI BAKUGO
And now,
all of the events have been completed!
The winner of this year's first-year
U.A. sports festival is…
From Class A, Katsuki Bakugo!
All of the first-year events
for this year's U.A. sports festival
have been completed.
And now, we will begin the award ceremony!
Wow…
What the heck?
He's been struggling ever since waking up.
But man…
That first place is all over the place.
He is like a man-eating fiend.
In addition to Tokoyami,
there is also Iida in third place,
but he left early for family reasons.
Thank you for your understanding!
Was that for the media?
That's too bad. Iida was really into it.
Yeah.
Uraraka, Midoriya.
This is sudden, but I must leave early.
A villain got my older brother.
-Your brother? You mean Ingenium?
-Yeah.
How's he doing?
I don't know the details.
So I'm going to go visit him directly
to see.
He is a likable hero who honors
the rules and leads people.
I set my sights on being a hero
because I want to be like my brother.
Ingenium…
For Iida's sake too,
I hope that you're okay.
Now, we will award the medals!
The presentation of the medals will,
of course, be by this man!
It's All Might!
-Our very own hero, All Might!
-I have brought the medals here!
I talked over you…
This year's first years are so lucky.
They've got the number one hero
watching them!
Now then, All Might, please present
the medals, starting with third place.
Young Tokoyami, congratulations.
You sure are strong.
You are too kind.
However,
in order to fight well
against different types,
you must not rely only on your Quirk.
If you train your own strength more,
then you'll have more options
when you fight.
Yes, sir.
Young Todoroki,
congratulations.
I assume there is a reason you did not use
your left side in the final?
I had an opportunity during
my match with Midoriya,
but then I became unsure of myself.
I think I understand a little
of why you are interested in him.
I wanted to become a hero like you.
But I didn't think it would be right
for me to be the only one to break away.
There is still something I must settle.
The look on your face
is completely different from before.
I won't ask about the details.
I'm sure that you will be able
to do what you need to do.
Yes.
Now then, Young Bakugo!
This is too much.
Good job doing what you said
you would during the player pledge!
All Might…
First place like this…
is not worth anything!
Even if the world recognizes it,
if I don't recognize it myself,
then it's trash!
His face is amazing…
Right.
In this world where people
are constantly being compared publicly,
there are not many who can keep aiming
for the top of an unchanging scale.
His face is amazing…
Take this medal, okay?
Think of it as a "wound,"
so you never forget!
I said I didn't want it!
Now, now.
I told you, I don't want it!
Here.
Well, they were the winners this time!
But listen here!
Anyone here could have ended up
on these podiums.
It's just as you saw.
Competing! Improving each other!
And climbing even further!
The next generation of heroes
is definitely sprouting!
So, I have just one more thing to say!
Everyone, please say it with me!
Ready, go!
-Thanks for your hard work!
-Plus Ultra!
What? It should've been
"Plus Ultra!" there, All Might!
Well, I thought everyone worked hard…
The phrase "worthy opponent"
can also mean "friend."
It might set my teeth on edge,
but it was a day
where we had no choice but to feel it.
Good work.
So there will be no school tomorrow
or the day after.
I'm sure the pro heroes
who watched the sports festival
will want to recruit you,
but we'll consolidate everything
and announce it when you get back.
-So rest well, and look forward to that.
-Yes, sir!
And then,
the environment we were in started
to change gradually.
HOSU GENERAL HOSPITAL
Please do not run in the halls!
Mother!
Tenya!
How is Tensei doing?
Tensei!
Tenya, keep your voice down
and put on a mask…
The anesthetic wore off earlier,
and he regained consciousness.
He is still in a haze.
If he had come into surgery two minutes
later, it would have been too late.
Tenya… Mother…
Tensei! Big brother Tensei!
Even though…
Such an accomplished younger brother…
like you…
looks up to me…
I'm sorry… Tenya…
Your big brother… lost…
Tensei!
-Shoto, where are you going?
-The hospital.
What? All of a sudden? Why?
Wait, Shoto, is it okay not to tell Dad?
Yeah.
Why do you want to see Mom now,
after all this time?
I'll be back.
It went "bam!" and blew him away!
-It was amazing! So cool!
-That's amazing.
"Bam!" and "Crash!"
-Oh, that's so cool.
-Yeah!
Mom, I'm going crazy…
I can't take it anymore.
Every day, the children seem
to become more and more like him.
Shoto's…
That child's left side
sometimes looks very unsightly to me.
I can't raise him anymore.
I feel like I shouldn't…
Ever since that day, I thought
my presence would put pressure on Mom,
so I never went to see her.
I'm sure she continues
to be bound by me…
By Dad…
MRS. TODOROKI
That's why,
in order to aim to become a hero
again with this body,
with everything I have…
It's okay for you
to become who you want to be.
In order to become my ideal hero,
I need to see her and talk to her…
There's so much we need to talk about…
Mom…
Even if she doesn't want it,
I will rescue her from here.
That is my starting line.
That is how I feel.
For lunch today, I'll have…
Something cheap. Hmm…
Mochi!
Huh?
The door's unlocked?
Ochaco!
-We're here!
-Dad, Mom?
Why are you guys here?
We came to throw you an after-party.
Seeing our daughter trying so hard,
we couldn't not come running.
What? What about work?
Did you come on the bullet train?
What?
At least say something first!
Seven times! Isn't that crazy?
Yeah…
Ever since the cavalry battle,
I lost consciousness seven times!
The last two times were
pretty much from dehydration.
You were way more heroic than me, huh?
Of course!
Suddenly hearing that you had a Quirk,
and having that Quirk
be a super risky power.
It was a sudden variation or something
that isn't impossible medically speaking,
and anyway, now I have a Quirk…
Anyway, I'm so glad!
I'll support you,
but that doesn't mean that I don't worry.
Yeah.
I just keep going
after what I yearned for,
but that made those watching me worry.
In order to become
a cool hero who can smile
and live up to everyone's expectations,
I need to be able to do things
in a way that won't make others worry.
That's the starting line where
I can finally say, "I am here!"
Izuku! Do you want to watch
the recording? It's in HD! HD!
I'll watch later by myself…
Die!
Damn germs!
Katsuki, don't wake up at noon
and start yelling!
Here's the preview!
At the next hero informatics class,
we'll be coming up with code names.
Hero names
for the upcoming hero internships.
We're gonna do something exciting!
Show what kind of hero you want
to be in the future in your name.
It's obvious what mine should be,
but with my current abilities,
I don't have the right
to call myself that.
Hurry it up.
Yes, sir!
Next time, "Time to Pick Some Names."
With this, most of the hero names
for Class A have been decided.
-"Most"?
-Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!